Add PixieHog app to the Posthog + Shopify documentation (#10844)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/shopify.mdx

export const eventDark = 'https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/v1711383938/posthog.com/contents/images/tutorials/shopify/event-dark.png'

PostHog makes it easy to get data about traffic and usage of your Shopify store. Integrating PostHog into your site enables analytics about user behavior, custom events capture, session recordings, A/B testing, and more.

This guide walks you through integrating PostHog into your Shopify store using either the [PixieHog](https://pixiehog.com/) Shopify app or a manual option.

## Option 1: PixieHog Shopify app

PixieHog is a Shopify app that sets up PostHog with [Shopify Customer Privacy API](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/customer-privacy) and [Shopify Web Pixels API](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/web-pixels-api). To do this:

1. Install PixieHog from the [Shopify App Store](https://apps.shopify.com/pixiehog)
2. Get your PostHog project API key and client host from [your project settings](https://app.posthog.com/settings/project#variables) and enter these into the account setup section. We also recommend setting up a [reverse proxy](/docs/advanced/proxy) to capture more usage data

> ![PixieHog - Home UI](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0890/6276/8969/files/home-min.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![PixieHog - Home UI](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/home_min_359bf3d7a4.png)
```

3. Go to **Web Pixels Events**, turn on the channel, and choose the relevant events for your use case. You can find events documentation in the Shopify docs -> Web Pixels API -> [Standard Events](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/web-pixels-api/standard-events).

> ![PixieHog - Web Pixel Events UI](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0890/6276/8969/files/web-pixel-events-min.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![PixieHog - Web Pixel Events UI](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/web_pixel_events_min_2fb7e52152.png)
```

4. Go to **JS Web Config**, turn on the channel, enable PixieHog app embed on your live theme, and make sure to save the theme editor session.
 
 5. Set `ui_host` to match your PostHog Cloud region.
 
 6. Choose the relevant config for your use case.  You can find these in PostHog's [JavaScript Web configuration docs](/docs/libraries/js/config).

> ![PixieHog - JS Web Config UI](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0890/6276/8969/files/js-web-config-min.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![PixieHog - JS Web Config UI](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/js_web_config_min_1810179fd3.png)
```

PostHog makes it easy to get data about traffic and usage of your Shopify store. Integrating PostHog into your site enables analytics about user behavior, custom events capture, session recordings, feature flags, and more.

This guide walks you through integrating PostHog into your Shopify store using [PixieHog](https://pixiehog.com/) Shopify app or the manual option.

## Option 1: PixieHog Shopify app

PixieHog is a GUI to setup PostHog with [Shopify Customer Privacy API](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/customer-privacy) and [Shopify Web Pixels API](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/web-pixels-api).

1. Install PixieHog from the Shopify App Store: [here](https://apps.shopify.com/pixiehog)
2. Configure app general settings
   - Retrieve and set [PostHog Project API Key](https://app.posthog.com/settings/project#variables)
   - Retrieve and choose your PostHog API host
      - Recommendation: Setup a [reverse proxy](https://posthog.com/docs/advanced/proxy) to capture more usage data

![PixieHog - Home UI](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0890/6276/8969/files/home-min.png)

> 3. Go to 'Web Pixels Events'
>    - Turn on the channel
>    - Choose the relevant events for your use case.
>       - Events documentation is available at Shopify -> Web Pixels API -> [Standard Events](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/web-pixels-api/standard-events)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to **Web Pixels Events**, turn on the channel, and choose the relevant events for your use case. You can find events documentation in the Shopify docs -> Web Pixels API -> [Standard Events](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/web-pixels-api/standard-events).
```

![PixieHog - Web Pixel Events UI](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0890/6276/8969/files/web-pixel-events-min.png)

> 4. Go to 'JS Web Config'
>    - Turn on the channel
>    - Enable PixieHog app embed on your live theme - Make sure to save the theme editor session.
>    - Set `ui_host` to match your PostHog Cloud region.
>    - Choose the relevant settings for your use case.
>       - Settings documentation is available at Posthog -> Javascript Web SDK -> [Configuration](https://posthog.com/docs/libraries/js/config)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Go to **JS Web Config**, turn on the channel, enable PixieHog app embed on your live theme, and make sure to save the theme editor session.
 
 5. Set `ui_host` to match your PostHog Cloud region.
 
 6. Choose the relevant config for your use case.  You can find these in PostHog's [JavaScript Web configuration docs](/docs/libraries/js/config).
```

![PixieHog - JS Web Config UI](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0890/6276/8969/files/js-web-config-min.png)

> The app source code is available for self-hosting on [Github](https://github.com/celadonworks/pixiehog-app).
> 
> for further reading refer to [PixieHog documentation](https://pxhog.com/docs/introduction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see the [PixieHog documentation](https://pixiehog.com/docs/introduction) or check out the [source code on GitHub](https://github.com/celadonworks/pixiehog-app). PixieHog is also self-hostable if you prefer.
```

![Shopify Snippet](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/v1710055416/posthog.com/contents/images/tutorials/shopify/snippet.png)

> 1. Click the green save button on the top right and you're good to go - PostHog should now be capturing events on your Shopify store!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the green save button on the top right and you're good to go - PostHog should now be capturing events on your Shopify store!
```
